hi everyone my name is Victoria packing
from easier recipes with the twist calm
and today I'm here with my friends at
recipe island that cop who asked you to
produce a video on this beautiful beef
and barley soup so if you like the idea
stay tuned for this recipe you will need
barley this is one cup of barley that
had I have soaked in 3 cups of water I
will use water and the barley as well
together
pepper salt cayenne pepper piece extra
lean ground beef non-stop spice mix
tomatoes you can use fresh tomatoes
whole tomatoes whatever you like
bouillon cube I'm using vegetable stock
celery carrots onion which sister sauce
and partly blitz all the vegetables for
to fine shred very fine so parsley
onions goes in my salary goes in jumping
jumping celery and I'm bleating all
together ok transfer all the vegetables
this is leftovers
beautiful now let's blitz the rest of
the vegetables and do the strengthens
random toast woke up report now I'm
adding my meat inside tomatoes I'm
adding them whole and I will crush them
as I go I'm adding the liquids from the
barley it's very important to eat to add
those liquids and not other because they
have starches and it will be thick in
the salt and I'm leaving the bar out for
now now I'm adding my piece I'm using
frozen peas so it's easy and convenient
a little bit of cayenne pepper black
pepper salt
vegetable boy until I'm as you same
disposing it like this and with justice
sauce trouble couple of tablespoons and
now I mixing all together very very well
tomatoes and juices and meat and
vegetables okay I forgot to add no salt
seasoning couple of tablespoons and I
think they will add a little bit more
water as needed because I wanted to be
quite liquid and because we're going to
add our barley later so mix it well it
should be you at home and pop the lid on
for about three hours now on high
settings now take it out you see how
great it is and gorgeous and young and
beautiful
ouch and hot so that's all the way in
and let it cook for about fifteen
minutes because I soaked up them they're
already almost done if you see they're
really really really squishy so I need
just fifty minutes to finish them up and
that's it we're done pretty much so easy
to make great soup for any occasion
let's make it preacher that's it itself
let's try it
hmm such a beautiful in the rich soup
with barley with so hard just so good
for you such an amazing meal I hope you
enjoyed it and don't forget to subscribe
write me a comment thumbs up and Cheers
Victoria after all they tiring
confirming all those incredible recipes
I'm having my friends over so we're
going to have this incredible feast I
hope you enjoyed love you all bye